[CP] Additional upgrade instructions for Katello 4.0/Foreman 2.4. (#490)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_a_connected_satellite_server.adoc

----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----
. Optional: If you made manual edits to DNS or DHCP configuration files, check and restore any changes required to the DNS and DHCP configuration files using the backups that you make.
. If you make changes in the previous step, restart the `{foreman-maintain}` services.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

> . If you have migrated content from Pulp2 to Pulp3, remove all old (Pulp2) content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have migrated content from Pulp 2 to Pulp 3, remove all Pulp 2 content.
```

Sorry just saw this now. Just to be consistent everywhere.

----
# {foreman-maintain} service restart
----

> . If you have migrated content from Pulp2 to Pulp3, remove all Pulp2 content.

Reviewer: @jjeffers  can we please have a space between Pulp and the versions also? For example Pulp 2 and Pulp 3? 
Sorry to nitpick at you so much.

Author: Ooh! I missed that earlier. No worries, I am grateful for the reviews.
